hello namaste
Salaam walekum Sarika welcome back to
another session with your washer phat
wanna become we men in life have very
few complaints but the common belief is
it all starts with the engagement ring
then the wedding ring and then rest is
all suffering ladies today I am going to
give you a ring that is going to give an
illusion of happiness to your husband
trust me I am NOT going to take your
power away it is just an illusion so
today we going to learn how to make
onion rings to make these onion rings
first we need to cut onions into rings
just 1/4 inch should be good add 1 cup
of maida to 3 tablespoons of corn flour
little pinch of soda salt chilli powder
and add water and you can also add the
bread crumbs so that will help thicken
the batter if you want to add a little
bit of ginger-garlic paste or turmeric
it's up to you if you want your onion
rings to be crisp for a long time
make sure your bread crumbs are little
bit coarse you can get it in the market
all over otherwise you can even make
them at home the way I did it make sure
you make a thick batter
I have dusted these onions in the flour
that way they stick very well with the
batter dip these onions in the batter
and then coat them with your bread
crumbs coat them well and then deep fat
fry in a hot oil
till they are nicely golden in color
look at that color look at that colour
Mamma Mia I have some of these batter
left oh please do not throw it away
because tomorrow I am going to show you
a kind of cheese sticks which your kids
will go gaga
ah for a moment even I forgot my
suffering dear friends I hope you
enjoyed today's session with your washer
but remember whatever is all about
inspiring others to cook so please post
your recipes and cooking tips at soiree
become so others can benefit from your
great cooking
Thank You life isn't always fair it
always isn't funny yesterday I couldn't
get it up I tried my best no it won't go
up
my wife tried to help me no it ain't
going up don't tell me it doesn't happen
to you it happens to all of us
men women children sometimes we are down
and we just can't get our spirits up I
tried my best but I couldn't get it up
you know in India we have something
called arranged marriages it is sad
that's how it works
it's been like that for generations even
as young adults they don't trust us oh
you're too young to do it yourself they
have to arrange it for us yep yep that's
how it works we select our life partner
or a cup of tea recently we started
looking match for this best friend of
mine he is the most dearest friend of
mine and the responsibility of looking
match for him fell on me as his parents
abandoned him when he was very young so
we all went to see this nice family
bye look on his face even her they
instantly liked each other I can tell
they like each other you know but the
irony is their liking is in nobody's
interest they rejected the proposal for
the most two pedestrian I've ever heard
because he has got few strands of gray
hair ha it's a genetic defect we don't
want our get it what kind of people but
I am NOT the guy who will give up we are
going to meet this another nice family
I hate to lie I hate to lie but I am
going to color his hair color is here
and the good part is he agreed to be on
my show and I am going to color his hair
on the show
no more gray hair gray hair genetic
defect my ass with all my love and
affection for you I take an oath on the
show that I will make sure you will get
some action this year if not I too shall
abstain think about it you know you have
no choice you going to get a
anyway so why not we pay for one abstain
my ass